Details about starting dev server Next.js docs. (#32002)
vercel/next.js: docs/getting-started.md

yarn create next-app --typescript
```

After the installation is complete:

> -  Run `npm run dev` or `yarn dev` to start the development server on `http://localhost:3000`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `npm run dev` or `yarn dev` to start the development server on `http://localhost:3000`.
```

yarn create next-app --typescript
```

> After the installation is complete, follow the instructions to start the development server. Run `npm run dev` or `yarn dev`. This starts the development server on `http://localhost:3000`.
> 
> Visit `http://localhost:3000` to view your application.
> 
> Now try editing `pages/index.js` and see the result on your browser.

Reviewer 2: Can we convert these into steps please 😊 
```suggestion
After the installation is complete:
-  Start the development server by running `npm run dev` or `yarn dev`. This starts the development server on `http://localhost:3000`.
- Visit `http://localhost:3000` to view your application.
- Now try editing `pages/index.js` and see the result on your browser.
```

or something similar

Author: Yes of course, that's a nice one. :)
